"Buddha Five Stupas. This Stupa is called Kiyo Bolodos, but is the representative of the Buddha's
birthday, birth Stupa.
Stupa is on that way. Also, this is the Lumina, Lumina where Buddha was born. This is the Lumina
Garden."
"And then Buddha, when he is very similar to the Buddha, and then second, the first activity is the
Buddha of the Enlightenment.
This is the Enlightenment and the Buddha Gaya, as we all know. So the Enlightenment Stupa, this is
the Enlightenment Stupa.
Also, this Stupa is called the Stupa of Subhuman All the Maras, all the negative forces. Buddha
defeated all that.
So this is the Buddha Gaya or the Enlightenment.
And the upper hand is the Enlightenment and then Buddha gave the teachings.
And this Stupa, that this Stupa, like this Stupa is called the "Drol of the Many Aspichos" or "Drol
of the Many Aspichos".
"Aspichos" is the prosperity or the liberation, and that this is the symbolized teaching of the
Buddha.
And that is also in the one that way, in the "Vahlanas" where Buddha gave the first teaching.
And then, the one principle, then another one, so the Buddha's birth, enlightenment, teaching, and
Mahaparin Rana.
This represents the Mahaparin Rana, where Buddha, where the entire Mahaparin Rana is eating.
And that is the "Kukinara" where Buddha, so this is the represent of the "Kukinara".
Then now there is one extra, that is the Stupa, this is Stupa, this is extra.
This is called the extended life of the Buddha.
When Buddha announced that he was inside the Mahaparin Rana and there is a black iron smith,
it is known as the Garvapur, or the son of the black iron smith.
The Buddha accepted this and extended his lives.
This is called the long life Stupa, also this is known as the "Unihya Vijaya Stupa".
But this morning, the empowerment, that is really, so this "Unihya Vijaya" is the Stupa,
or the "Unihya Vijaya" is the Buddha that extended Buddha's life.
So this is very famous, again, among the earth Stupa, or this core Stupa we have here,
and one extra, which is at the "Unihya Vijaya Stupa" extending lives.
And then earth Stupa up there, and together all that of Stupa, this fiber, all there, near the
temple.
So what is after this?
There is a Stupa of the Buddha descended from the heaven,
and there is also a Stupa called the miracle of Stupa.
Buddha performed the miracle activity in Isharastha.
So that is so what, then how many Stupa?
57, and then what?
And then also there is a Stupa called the harmonized Stupa.
And then there is some hunger, this harmony is happening,
and then because of the recursivity of the Kali Puttara and Mangala Puttara,
then Buddha harmonized all those, and they called the harmonized Stupa, or the, yeah, harmonizing
Stupa.
So we have three extra up there, but this is the five principles Stupa.
And so that's it, I just thought to tell you all,
thank you everyone for supporting us today, we didn't come through,
and he's here, and we can all get married for all different purposes,
he's for good in everyone.
Thank you again, now that we're already here, we'll do one more.
[Laughter]
[Speaking in foreign language]
Thank you, thank you everyone, okay, have a good evening, and also bon appetit.
Everyone, the yummy is waiting for you all, I can feel that.
Thank you everyone, see you tomorrow morning.
[Speaking in foreign language]